Added notebook for the Simplified mode in POT (#414)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/README.md

| [110-ct-segmentation-quantize](110-ct-segmentation-quantize/)<br> | Quantize a kidney segmentation model and show live inference | 
| [111-detection-quantization](111-detection-quantization/)<br>[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks/HEAD?filepath=notebooks%2F111-detection-quantization%2F111-detection-quantization.ipynb) | Quantize an object detection model | 
| [112-pytorch-post-training-quantization-nncf](112-pytorch-post-training-quantization-nncf/) | Use Neural Network Compression Framework (NNCF) to quantize PyTorch model in post-training mode (without model fine-tuning)| 

> | [113-image-classification-quantization](113-image-classification-quantization/) | Quantize mobilenet image classification |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [113-image-classification-quantization](113-image-classification-quantization/) | Quantize Image Classification Models with POT |
```

> | [114-quantization-simplified-mode](114-quantization-simplified-mode/) | Quantize ResNet20 image classification using Simplified Mode| |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [114-quantization-simplified-mode](114-quantization-simplified-mode/) | Quantize Image Classification Models with POT in Simplified Mode| |
```
